# MOSH

This is an idea that I had for an app that would help connect people with local events. This app would help organize small scale events and simultaneously address many of the problems with the today's college party scene. For personal reasons, I have not continued to work on the production of MOSH, but I created this wireframe in Adobe XD.

Here is an overview:

Mosh will offer many features to integrate all party and event logistics into one seamless mobile application. Users will view events in an Instagram-style feed with important details about each event: dress code, information about substances, start time guidance (should guests show up on time or plan to get there at leisure?), cover charge, and more. Guests can ask hosts questions through a messaging system and hosts can post their question and answer to an FAQ board on the event’s post. Apart from the home feed, there will be another page where users can view saved parties that they’re interested in and also view QR code tickets that they’ve purchased for shows and/or parties with a cover charge.
Once they arrive at a party, guests can contribute to a “head count” by enabling GPS on the app. Many people choose which party to attend based on how many people will be there so this will help those spontaneous party goers find which events are most active at any given time. This feature can also allow hosts to cap off parties at a certain size, sending a message to all users with the event in their “saved” list to hold back because the function has reached the maximum size.

Users who want to host an event can create a post. They can add a description of the event, pictures, details about the expected mood of the function, what will be happening, substances, and more. Hosts can choose if they want their event to be public (open to all), public with age restrictions (only 21+, or 21-30, etc.) private (open to a list of friends), or private + 1 degree of separation (open to a list of friends and all their friends, this would help hold people accountable, there won’t be any complete strangers showing up). Hosts can send a quick alert to guests if police show up or if plans change. Ideally we will do some address verification (with a piece of mail and/or ID) to guarantee that the address of the event is actually affiliated with the host.

On safety and accountability: After an event, hosts can get rated for the quality of the party. Good hosts will be rewarded with special recognition for their next function and bad hosts will may get reported by guests. Hosts can block troublesome guests from seeing future invitations as well.

Monetization:
Parties often have cover charges (especially once they have reached a certain size). Mosh would have a QR code based ticketing system where guests can buy tickets and present them at the door. The pricing scheme can scale with tickets sold if the host chooses to do so. Creating a Venmo-like payment system inside Mosh would allow guests to easily tip hosts (i.e. if they grab a beer from the house or if they just want to help with the cleanup cost etc.) Mosh can take a service charge on transactions made inside the app. Bars and local venues can advertise their events with paid promotions. 